# Synthetic Data Generation using Latent Dirichlet Allocation

This folder contains the necessary information to produce synthetic text corpora using an LDA model. You will need to use another method (such as PLDA+) to produce the model itself, but once you have it, you can produce an arbitrary number of documents of any size.

You will need the following as inputs:
* A topic file. This generator uses the PLDA+ format, where each column after the first is a topic, and each row is a word followed by the probability it is generated by each topic. An example will be provided in this directory.
* A mixture file. This should have the same number of columns as the topic file, as it contains information on which topics appear together, and which are more present overall. Each line of this file is the topic mixture for a particular document; the data generator will choose one of these at random for each document it generates and use it as a template.
* The average size of documents to be generated. The exact number of words per document will be determined using this value as the mean for a Poisson distribution.
* The number of documents to generate.

The code will then output a raw text file containing the resulting documents, with one document per line. Do note that since LDA uses the bag of words assumption, these documents will have no syntax and will not be human readable, but will have fairly reasonable collections of related words. As such, this synthetic data is appropriate for use on topic models and other word association based methods, but not methods that rely on n-grams or other ordering criteria.
